in this lecture I will walk you through
the simple software setup that is
required for this course and I end of it
you should have the java question 8
installed on your machine and also that
kids ID which is one of the most popular
IDs in the java and open source world
the world with me in balance
now notice developer tools setup from
that content of this nature copy this
close link using which we are going to
download and install the JDK you already
have a jdk can ignore this step is not
copy to order with your browser a stick
and we'll go to the Michaels jdk 8 page
where and even see the different
versions of to indicate that are
available any care for windows 5434
linac cdk4 max so on and so forth
download the appropriate version to do
that you know how to accept the license
agreement to start it and then click on
that question you want to download for
Windows is very straightforward once you
download the exe double-click on the exe
and just follow the screams what other
operating systems as well what Mac is
also straightforward to download the dmg
and double click on it and you're going
to grab it into your applications and
once you have to get up very easy to
install that it gives me eat copy this
link go to your browser based again and
it will take you to the Eclipse download
page you can grab the latest version of
eclipse i'm using a gift Marsh math
right now they have me on package which
is off which is ok to use so you can
download that Adalind and on the right
if you see how the different operating
systems listed out so you can click on
your respect to operating system that
you have on your machine and download
the latest tickets for the other
machines and make sure that you are
downloading a case ID for gala each
other first once you have downloaded
eclipse with depending on operating
system windows even under that kind
inch and then we'll have a shortcut like
this launcher click click on the chart
that and to the workspace these are
where all of our projects our products
that simply creating will be saved it
could be a CD there were any other
format on your machine
mine is a mac so I'll wanted to point it
to display the collapse location it ok
once you choose the workspace and then
lunch tickets and Baker's to the Eclipse
dashboard if you have any issues at any
point make sure that you have a java on
your fat if you copy this link and paste
in your browser you'll find instructions
to set the party able to make sure that
he helped java unaware that it really
gives is not starting up do goes through
this troubleshooting section make sure
the pathway really said and also make
sure that the java homemade set